# toombsk16-
Crypto DeFi learning individual - Help Needed
Hello, wondering if anyone has experienced anything in the Crypto DeFi Pool worldmthat I have. I had created a Coinbase Wallet as well as Coinbase account. I fresearched and found a DeFi Pool that seemed legitimate and reputable. i started with paying about 40.00 for my Smartcontract Certificate and plased the minimum of 500.00 of USDT in my wallet that I was led to believe was ultra secure and safe. I was then a member of this DeFi Pool earning 1% a day on my 500.00. All went fine with proof of concept.meach day I would earn ETH,convert it in the pool to USDT and send it back to my Coinbase Wallet somthat it coukd add tommy daily returns and increase my output. That went well, somImadded an additional 1,000 dollars. this went smooth as well doing the same process every day to increase my output. it didnt take long untilmI had about 2K acumulated and my fee's for adding funds and transfer costs had surpassed the costs tomget it earning. I added another 300.00 this past payday. when I went into the definpool there was a new button that simply said "Reward" Trying to continue my education and it entered me into a "Pledge Event" which would increase the payout from 1% to 3% for 7 days and also paid out 1 ETH token as well. I thought it sounded good, but I didnt have enough cash to take advantage and participat I logged out and later back in to see if my earnings in the primary plan and saw I had accrued the appropriate, but was not able to convert or withdraw it. I then looked and found all of my USDT in my account was gone. i panicked and comtacted Coinbase explain my concerns. they provided no help made me reverify myself. I did so but it took 24 hours to get back in. During the wait I chatted with the DeFi Pool support. They were very unhelpful, but said I entered a Pledge for 7 days with a buy-in of 5K. There was nothing indicating if I was sure I wanted to enter even if I had, I should have also been disqualified because I did not have the funds to do so. what they did was took my 2300.00, did not inform me of anything and I had to communicat with their very slow and rude chat room as to what happened. they indicated that I had to meet the 5k minimum by the end of the 7 days or I lose my entire balance they took tomthenpool permanatley. Coinbase was of no help in recovering my principal that they advertise and document is ultra safe, but clearly not. Has anyone experienced something similar and found any recourse to get this resolved and their principal back for something that was not labled and provided no outline for requirements? Any suggestion would be very much appreciated. i would be greatful! thanks, Ken
